Let say we have an instance of a network, can we infer which new interactions among its members are likely to occur in the near future? We formalize this question as the link prediction problem, and develop approaches to link prediction based on measures for analyzing the “proximity” of nodes in a network. Experiments on large networks suggest that information about future interactions can be extracted from networks. Link Prediction methods anticipate the likelihood of a future connection between two nodes in a given network. Given a snapshot of a social network at time t, we seek to accurately predict the edges that will be added to the network during the interval from time t to a given future time t0. The link prediction problem is also related to the problem of inferring missing links from an observed network: in a number of domains, one constructs a network of interactions based on observable data and then tries to infer additional links that, while not directly visible, are likely to exist In this project, we seek to predict the future connectivity of flights between any pair of airports of the country. As a part of the survey there are a lot of problems faced by passengers to switch the flights from one airport to another inorder to reach the destination. This mainly occurs since there are no direct flights between their source and destination. So we analysed this problem and tried to extract features from the network and predict which airports can be connected in future which would make it easier for the passengers and in fact they would be motivated to travel by air and a lot of their time would be saved. Also we have seen that as the development of a country increases, the standard of living of people also increases as a result more people will prefer to commute through flights. Hence we will need strong connectivity or direct flights between the demanding airports.
